Update value types: `STRING` (#853)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/functions/scalar.adoc

| If the parsing fails, `null` will be returned.
| If `expression` is the boolean value `false`, `0` will be returned.
| If `expression` is the boolean value `true`, `1` will be returned.

> | This function will return an error if provided with an expression that is not a `BOOLEAN`, floating `POINT`, `INTEGER` or a `STRING` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| This function will return an error if provided with an expression that is not a `BOOLEAN`, `FLOAT`, `INTEGER` or a `STRING` value.
```

floating point means `FLOAT` not `POINT`
